Update docs with tutorials and how-to sections (#569)
xnd-project/rbc: doc/howtos/devices.md

> # Stricting a function to run in a specific device (CPU/GPU)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Restricting a function to run only in a specific device (CPU/GPU)
```
